README.md, before:

# IT Tools


## Infrastructure
| Application  | Description | License Model |
| --- | --- | --- |
| <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/44905828?s=200&v=4" width="20"/>&nbsp;&nbsp; [netbox](https://github.com/netbox-community/netbox)|The world's platform for network and infrastructure management.|Open Source|
| <img src="https://www.proxmox.com/favicon.svg" width="20"/>&nbsp;&nbsp; [Proxmox](https://www.proxmox.com/en/)|A virtualization platform designed for the provisioning of hyper-converged infrastructure.|Open Source / Subscription|
|[Sipcalc](https://github.com/sii/sipcalc)|Sipcalc is an console based ip subnet calculator with IPv4 and IPv6 support|Open Source|

## Network Automation and Monitoring
| Application  | Description | License Model |
| --- | --- | --- |
| <img src="https://gluware.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/favicon-196x196.png" width="20"/>&nbsp;[Gluware](https://gluware.com/)| The most powerful and intelligent network automation is at your fingertips.| PayPlan |
| <img src="https://cdn-fainj.nitrocdn.com/HMhNvtGdkXCThiYKondeUNdKlFRQtHkp/assets/images/optimized/rev-ba601b7/www.auvik.com/e9c81047136d2efac2e18595eddf5b64.favicon-16x16.png" width="20"/>&nbsp;&nbsp; [Auvik](https://www.auvik.com/)|See exactly what’s happening on your networks. So you can fix issues faster and keep things running smoothly — without the time-sucking guesswork that comes with poor visibility.|PayPlan|

## Backend
| Application &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | Description | License Model |
| --- | --- | --- |
| [<img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/96/Rustdesk.svg/48px-Rustdesk.svg.png" width="20"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;Rustdesk](https://rustdesk.com) | RemoteControl OpenSource Alterdnative for TeamViewer | Open Source / PayPlan |
| [<img src="https://www.3cx.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/08/logo-3.png" width="40"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;3cx](https://www.3cx.com)| Phone System, VIdeo Conferencing | 10 Users free |
| [<img src="https://mailcow.email/images/cow_mailcow.svg" width="20"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;Mailcow](https://mailcow.email) | Groupware | Open Source Docker-based suite |
| [<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/homarr-labs/dashboard-icons/png/paperless.png" width="20"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;Paperless](https://docs.paperless-ngx.com)| Document Management | Open Source |
| [<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/150462874?s=48&v=4" width="20"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;Docmost](https://github.com/docmost/docmost)| Open-source collaborative wiki and documentation software. | Open Source / Enterprise Edition |
| [<img src="https://guacamole.apache.org/images/logos/guac-classic-logo-64.png" width="20"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;Guacamole](https://guacamole.apache.org/)| Guacamole is a clientless remote desktop gateway. It supports standard protocols like VNC, RDP, and SSH.| Open Source|

## Dashboards
| Application  | Description | License Model |
| --- | --- | --- |
| [<img src="https://homarr.dev/img/logo.png" width="20"/> homarr](https://github.com/ajnart/homarr) | A sleek, modern dashboard that puts all of your apps and services at your fingertips. | Open Source |
| <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com//bastienwirtz/homer/main/public/logo.png" width="20"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;[homer](https://github.com/bastienwirtz/homer)| Homer is a dead simple static HOMepage for your server to keep your services and favorite links on hand, based on a simple yaml configuration file. | Open Source |

https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/

## Monitoring and Reporting
| Application &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | Description | License Model |
| --- | --- | --- |
| <img src="https://checkmk.com/application/files/cache/thumbnails/67fc39c599afdf20557d538416e3efd3.png" width="20"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[CheckMK](https://checkmk.com)| IT Monitoring | Open Source / PayPlan |
| <img src="https://uptimekuma.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/01/Uptime-Kuma-Logo.png" width="20"/>&nbsp;[UptimeKuma](https://uptimekuma.org/)|Uptime Kuma is an open-source, free and easy-to-use self-hosted monitoring tool| free |
| [<img src="https://oss.oetiker.ch/smokeping/inc/smokeping-logo.png" width="35"/>&nbsp;Smokeping](https://oss.oetiker.ch/smokeping/) |Smokeping can measure, store and display latency, latency distribution and packet loss| free |
| <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/38/Prometheus_software_logo.svg" width="20"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prometheus](https://prometheus.io/) | Monitor your applications, systems, and services with the leading open source monitoring solution. | Open Source |
| <img src="https://github.com/grafana/loki/blob/main/docs/sources/logo_and_name.png" width="40"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;[Loki](https://grafana.com/products/cloud/logs/) | Loki is a horizontally scalable, highly available, multi-tenant log aggregation system inspired by Prometheus. | Open Source |
| <img src="https://grafana.com/static/img/about/grafana_logo_swirl_fullcolor.jpg" width="20"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;[Grafana](https://grafana.com/) |With Grafana you can create, explore, and share all of your data through beautiful, flexible dashboards| Open Source / PayPlan|
| <img src="https://beszel.dev/icon.svg" width="15"/>&nbsp;&nbsp; [Beszel](https://beszel.dev/) | Beszel is a lightweight server monitoring platform that includes Docker statistics, historical data, and alert functions| Open Source |
|[AWStats](https://awstats.sourceforge.io/)|Web Analysis Software for log data|OpenSource|


## Security and Identity
| Application &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | Description | License Model |
| --- | --- | --- |
| <img src="https://wazuh.com/uploads/2022/05/WAZUH.png" width="30"/>&nbsp;[wazuh](https://wazuh.com/)|Wazuh is a SIEM-Tool used for threat prevention, detection, and response. It is capable of protecting workloads across on-premises, virtualized, containerized, and cloud-based environments.| Open Source |
| <img src="https://www.clamav.net/assets/clamav-brand-97d5f8373e4ee2db7b7955e3a94fb6ea802fede9165df3740cb9bdab770b7920.png" width="20"/>&nbsp;[ClamAV](https://www.clamav.net/) |ClamAV® is an open-source antivirus engine for detecting trojans, viruses, malware & other malicious threats.| Open Source |
| <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/82976448?s=48&v=4" width="20"/>&nbsp;[Authentik](https://goauthentik.io/)|Take control of your identity needs with a secure, flexible solution.| Open Source | 
| <img src="https://keepassxc.org/assets/img/keepassxc.svg" width="15"/>&nbsp;[KeePassXC](https://keepassxc.org/)|Cross-platform Password Manager| Open Source |
| <img src="https://www.passbolt.com/images/credits/brandguidelines/secondary.svg" width="20"/>&nbsp; [passbolt](https://www.passbolt.com/)| Passbolt is an open source credential platform for modern teams.| Open Source |
| <img src="https://hohnstaedt.de/xca/templates/g5_hydrogen/custom/images/bigcert.png" width="40"/>&nbsp; [XCA](https://hohnstaedt.de/xca/)|This application is intended for creating and managing X.509 certificates, certificate requests, RSA, DSA and EC private keys, Smartcards and CRLs.| free |
| <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/cc/Bitwarden_logo.svg/1200px-Bitwarden_logo.svg.png" width="30"/>&nbsp;[bitwarden](https://github.com/bitwarden) | Password Security | Open Source |
| <img src="https://apps.kde.org/favicon-16x16.png" width="20"/>&nbsp;[Kleopatra](https://apps.kde.org/kleopatra/)|Kleopatra ist ein Open-Source-Zertifikatsmanager und ein grafisches Front-End für kryptografische Dienste, das hauptsächlich für die Nutzung von OpenPGP- und S/MIME (X.509)-Zertifikaten entwickelt wurde.| Open Source |


## VPN - Remote Access
| Application  | Description | License Model |
| --- | --- | --- |
| <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c3/Opnsense-logo.svg" width="80"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Open Sense](https://opnsense.org) | OPNsense® is an open source, feature rich firewall and routing platform, offering cutting-edge network protection. | Open Source |
| <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/100464677?s=48&v=4" width="20"/>&nbsp;[Netbird](https://netbird.io/)|NetBird combines a configuration-free peer-to-peer private network and a centralized access control system in a single platform, making it easy to create secure private networks for your organization or home| 5 users free |
| <img src="https://tailscale.com/favicon.png" width="20"/>&nbsp; [tailscale](https://tailscale.com/)| Fast, seamless device connectivity — no hardware, no firewall rules, no wasted time. | 3 users free |
| <img src="https://framerusercontent.com/images/e76KKdP64F9YgzYu302f5fcNbcw.png" width="20"/>&nbsp;  [Twingate](https://www.twingate.com/)| Go Beyond VPN | 5 users  free|

## IT Automation
| Application &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | Description | License Model |
| --- | --- | --- |
| <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/24/Ansible_logo.svg/256px-Ansible_logo.svg.png" width="20"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;[Ansible](https://www.redhat.com/en/ansible-collaborative)|Ansible is an open source IT automation engine that automates provisioning, configuration management, application deployment, orchestration, and many other IT processes.| Open Source |
| <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/98574287?s=48&v=4" width="20"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;[SemaphoreUI](https://semaphoreui.com/)|Powerful browser based GUI for Ansible| Open Source |
| <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/142061836?s=48&v=4" width="20"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;[Opentofu](https://opentofu.org/)|The open source infrastructure as code tool. Alternative to Terraform| Open Source |
| <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/59033362?s=200&v=4" width="20"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;[Kestra](https://kestra.io/)| Unify orchestration for all engineers. Build and govern all your workflows — Everything-as-Code, and from the UI.| Open Source / Enterprise |
| <img src="https://www.rundeck.com/hubfs/Pager%20Duty%20Branding/rundeck-chevron-green.svg" width="20"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;[Rundeck](https://www.rundeck.com/)| Ansible UI | Open Source / Enterprise|
| <img src="https://podman.io/favicon.ico" width="20"/>&nbsp;&nbsp; [podmann](https://podman.io/)|Manage containers, pods, and images with Podman. Seamlessly work with containers and Kubernetes from your local environment|OpenSource|
| <img src="https://robotframework.org/img/icons/favicon-32x32.png" width="20"/> [ROBOT FRAMEWORK](https://robotframework.org/)| Robot Framework is a generic open source automation framework. It can be used for test automation and robotic process automation (RPA)| Open Source|

https://github.com/ansible/awx

## Coding Stuff

| Application &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | Description | License Model |
| --- | --- | --- |
|<img src="https://gohugo.io/favicon-16x16.png" width="20"/>&nbsp;&nbsp; [HUGO](https://gohugo.io/)|Hugo is one of the most popular open-source static site generators. With its amazing speed and flexibility, Hugo makes building websites fun again.|Open Source|
| <img src="https://eamodio.gallerycdn.vsassets.io/extensions/eamodio/gitlens/2023.12.2104/1703149661337/Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Icons.Default" width="20"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[GitLens](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=eamodio.gitlens) | Helps you better understand code. Extension for Visual Studio Code | Open Source |
| <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a0/W3Schools_logo.svg/2175px-W3Schools_logo.svg.png" width="20"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;[Flexbox](https://www.w3schools.com/css/css3_flexbox.asp) | Part of CSS that provides a easy way to layout icons within a container | free |
| <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a7/React-icon.svg/512px-React-icon.svg.png" width="20"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[react](https://reactjs.org) | A JavaScript library for building user interfaces  | Free and Open Source |
| <img src="https://www.typescriptlang.org/favicon-32x32.png" width="15"/>&nbsp;[TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org) | JavaScript with Syntax for types  | Open Source |
| <img src="https://material.angular.dev/assets/img/favicon.ico?v=19.1.0" width="15"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;[Angular](https://material.angular.io) | Material Design components for Angular  | Open Source |
| <img src="https://static1.smartbear.co/swagger/media/assets/swagger_fav.png" width="15"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;[Swagger](https://swagger.io) | Swagger UI is prject to visually render documentation for an API defined with the OpenAPI (Swagger) definition  | Open Source |
| <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/38656520?s=48&v=4" width="15"/>&nbsp;[Renovate](https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate)| Renovate is an automated dependency update tool. It helps to update dependencies in your code without needing to do it manually. | Open Source |
|<img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/bb/Gitea_Logo.svg" width="15"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;[Gitea](https://about.gitea.com/)| Gitea enables the creation and management of repositories based on Git. It also makes code review incredibly easy and convenient, enhancing code quality for users and businesses. | Open Source / Enterprise |


## Finanz Tools

| Application &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | Description | License Model |
| --- | --- | --- |
|[Portfolio Performance](https://www.portfolio-performance.info/)| Calculates Portfolio Performance|OpenSource|
|[tricount](https://www.tricount.com/)|Perfect for accounting for group activities such as outings, vacations, meals, or shared apartment expenses||

Commit message:

Update README with new applications and links
Removed duplicate link to mkdocs-material and added AWX and Documentation sections.

README.md, after:

# IT Tools


## Infrastructure
| Application  | Description | License Model |
| --- | --- | --- |
| <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/44905828?s=200&v=4" width="20"/>&nbsp;&nbsp; [netbox](https://github.com/netbox-community/netbox)|The world's platform for network and infrastructure management.|Open Source|
| <img src="https://www.proxmox.com/favicon.svg" width="20"/>&nbsp;&nbsp; [Proxmox](https://www.proxmox.com/en/)|A virtualization platform designed for the provisioning of hyper-converged infrastructure.|Open Source / Subscription|
|[Sipcalc](https://github.com/sii/sipcalc)|Sipcalc is an console based ip subnet calculator with IPv4 and IPv6 support|Open Source|

## Network Automation and Monitoring
| Application  | Description | License Model |
| --- | --- | --- |
| <img src="https://gluware.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/favicon-196x196.png" width="20"/>&nbsp;[Gluware](https://gluware.com/)| The most powerful and intelligent network automation is at your fingertips.| PayPlan |
| <img src="https://cdn-fainj.nitrocdn.com/HMhNvtGdkXCThiYKondeUNdKlFRQtHkp/assets/images/optimized/rev-ba601b7/www.auvik.com/e9c81047136d2efac2e18595eddf5b64.favicon-16x16.png" width="20"/>&nbsp;&nbsp; [Auvik](https://www.auvik.com/)|See exactly what’s happening on your networks. So you can fix issues faster and keep things running smoothly — without the time-sucking guesswork that comes with poor visibility.|PayPlan|

## Backend
| Application &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | Description | License Model |
| --- | --- | --- |
| [<img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/96/Rustdesk.svg/48px-Rustdesk.svg.png" width="20"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;Rustdesk](https://rustdesk.com) | RemoteControl OpenSource Alterdnative for TeamViewer | Open Source / PayPlan |
| [<img src="https://www.3cx.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/08/logo-3.png" width="40"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;3cx](https://www.3cx.com)| Phone System, VIdeo Conferencing | 10 Users free |
| [<img src="https://mailcow.email/images/cow_mailcow.svg" width="20"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;Mailcow](https://mailcow.email) | Groupware | Open Source Docker-based suite |
| [<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/homarr-labs/dashboard-icons/png/paperless.png" width="20"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;Paperless](https://docs.paperless-ngx.com)| Document Management | Open Source |
| [<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/150462874?s=48&v=4" width="20"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;Docmost](https://github.com/docmost/docmost)| Open-source collaborative wiki and documentation software. | Open Source / Enterprise Edition |
| [<img src="https://guacamole.apache.org/images/logos/guac-classic-logo-64.png" width="20"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;Guacamole](https://guacamole.apache.org/)| Guacamole is a clientless remote desktop gateway. It supports standard protocols like VNC, RDP, and SSH.| Open Source|

## Dashboards
| Application  | Description | License Model |
| --- | --- | --- |
| [<img src="https://homarr.dev/img/logo.png" width="20"/> homarr](https://github.com/ajnart/homarr) | A sleek, modern dashboard that puts all of your apps and services at your fingertips. | Open Source |
| <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com//bastienwirtz/homer/main/public/logo.png" width="20"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;[homer](https://github.com/bastienwirtz/homer)| Homer is a dead simple static HOMepage for your server to keep your services and favorite links on hand, based on a simple yaml configuration file. | Open Source |


## Monitoring and Reporting
| Application &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | Description | License Model |
| --- | --- | --- |
| <img src="https://checkmk.com/application/files/cache/thumbnails/67fc39c599afdf20557d538416e3efd3.png" width="20"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[CheckMK](https://checkmk.com)| IT Monitoring | Open Source / PayPlan |
| <img src="https://uptimekuma.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/01/Uptime-Kuma-Logo.png" width="20"/>&nbsp;[UptimeKuma](https://uptimekuma.org/)|Uptime Kuma is an open-source, free and easy-to-use self-hosted monitoring tool| free |
| [<img src="https://oss.oetiker.ch/smokeping/inc/smokeping-logo.png" width="35"/>&nbsp;Smokeping](https://oss.oetiker.ch/smokeping/) |Smokeping can measure, store and display latency, latency distribution and packet loss| free |
| <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/38/Prometheus_software_logo.svg" width="20"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prometheus](https://prometheus.io/) | Monitor your applications, systems, and services with the leading open source monitoring solution. | Open Source |
| <img src="https://github.com/grafana/loki/blob/main/docs/sources/logo_and_name.png" width="40"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;[Loki](https://grafana.com/products/cloud/logs/) | Loki is a horizontally scalable, highly available, multi-tenant log aggregation system inspired by Prometheus. | Open Source |
| <img src="https://grafana.com/static/img/about/grafana_logo_swirl_fullcolor.jpg" width="20"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;[Grafana](https://grafana.com/) |With Grafana you can create, explore, and share all of your data through beautiful, flexible dashboards| Open Source / PayPlan|
| <img src="https://beszel.dev/icon.svg" width="15"/>&nbsp;&nbsp; [Beszel](https://beszel.dev/) | Beszel is a lightweight server monitoring platform that includes Docker statistics, historical data, and alert functions| Open Source |
|[AWStats](https://awstats.sourceforge.io/)|Web Analysis Software for log data|OpenSource|


## Security and Identity
| Application &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | Description | License Model |
| --- | --- | --- |
| <img src="https://wazuh.com/uploads/2022/05/WAZUH.png" width="30"/>&nbsp;[wazuh](https://wazuh.com/)|Wazuh is a SIEM-Tool used for threat prevention, detection, and response. It is capable of protecting workloads across on-premises, virtualized, containerized, and cloud-based environments.| Open Source |
| <img src="https://www.clamav.net/assets/clamav-brand-97d5f8373e4ee2db7b7955e3a94fb6ea802fede9165df3740cb9bdab770b7920.png" width="20"/>&nbsp;[ClamAV](https://www.clamav.net/) |ClamAV® is an open-source antivirus engine for detecting trojans, viruses, malware & other malicious threats.| Open Source |
| <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/82976448?s=48&v=4" width="20"/>&nbsp;[Authentik](https://goauthentik.io/)|Take control of your identity needs with a secure, flexible solution.| Open Source | 
| <img src="https://keepassxc.org/assets/img/keepassxc.svg" width="15"/>&nbsp;[KeePassXC](https://keepassxc.org/)|Cross-platform Password Manager| Open Source |
| <img src="https://www.passbolt.com/images/credits/brandguidelines/secondary.svg" width="20"/>&nbsp; [passbolt](https://www.passbolt.com/)| Passbolt is an open source credential platform for modern teams.| Open Source |
| <img src="https://hohnstaedt.de/xca/templates/g5_hydrogen/custom/images/bigcert.png" width="40"/>&nbsp; [XCA](https://hohnstaedt.de/xca/)|This application is intended for creating and managing X.509 certificates, certificate requests, RSA, DSA and EC private keys, Smartcards and CRLs.| free |
| <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/cc/Bitwarden_logo.svg/1200px-Bitwarden_logo.svg.png" width="30"/>&nbsp;[bitwarden](https://github.com/bitwarden) | Password Security | Open Source |
| <img src="https://apps.kde.org/favicon-16x16.png" width="20"/>&nbsp;[Kleopatra](https://apps.kde.org/kleopatra/)|Kleopatra ist ein Open-Source-Zertifikatsmanager und ein grafisches Front-End für kryptografische Dienste, das hauptsächlich für die Nutzung von OpenPGP- und S/MIME (X.509)-Zertifikaten entwickelt wurde.| Open Source |


## VPN - Remote Access
| Application  | Description | License Model |
| --- | --- | --- |
| <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c3/Opnsense-logo.svg" width="80"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Open Sense](https://opnsense.org) | OPNsense® is an open source, feature rich firewall and routing platform, offering cutting-edge network protection. | Open Source |
| <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/100464677?s=48&v=4" width="20"/>&nbsp;[Netbird](https://netbird.io/)|NetBird combines a configuration-free peer-to-peer private network and a centralized access control system in a single platform, making it easy to create secure private networks for your organization or home| 5 users free |
| <img src="https://tailscale.com/favicon.png" width="20"/>&nbsp; [tailscale](https://tailscale.com/)| Fast, seamless device connectivity — no hardware, no firewall rules, no wasted time. | 3 users free |
| <img src="https://framerusercontent.com/images/e76KKdP64F9YgzYu302f5fcNbcw.png" width="20"/>&nbsp;  [Twingate](https://www.twingate.com/)| Go Beyond VPN | 5 users  free|

## IT Automation
| Application &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | Description | License Model |
| --- | --- | --- |
| <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/24/Ansible_logo.svg/256px-Ansible_logo.svg.png" width="20"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;[Ansible](https://www.redhat.com/en/ansible-collaborative)|Ansible is an open source IT automation engine that automates provisioning, configuration management, application deployment, orchestration, and many other IT processes.| Open Source |
|[AWX](https://github.com/ansible/awx)| AWX is an open-source, web-based automation platform that provides a user interface, REST API, and task engine for managing Ansible automation tasks. | Open Source |
| <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/98574287?s=48&v=4" width="20"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;[SemaphoreUI](https://semaphoreui.com/)|Powerful browser based GUI for Ansible| Open Source |
| <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/142061836?s=48&v=4" width="20"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;[Opentofu](https://opentofu.org/)|The open source infrastructure as code tool. Alternative to Terraform| Open Source |
| <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/59033362?s=200&v=4" width="20"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;[Kestra](https://kestra.io/)| Unify orchestration for all engineers. Build and govern all your workflows — Everything-as-Code, and from the UI.| Open Source / Enterprise |
| <img src="https://www.rundeck.com/hubfs/Pager%20Duty%20Branding/rundeck-chevron-green.svg" width="20"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;[Rundeck](https://www.rundeck.com/)| Ansible UI | Open Source / Enterprise|
| <img src="https://podman.io/favicon.ico" width="20"/>&nbsp;&nbsp; [podmann](https://podman.io/)|Manage containers, pods, and images with Podman. Seamlessly work with containers and Kubernetes from your local environment|OpenSource|
| <img src="https://robotframework.org/img/icons/favicon-32x32.png" width="20"/> [ROBOT FRAMEWORK](https://robotframework.org/)| Robot Framework is a generic open source automation framework. It can be used for test automation and robotic process automation (RPA)| Open Source|


## Coding Stuff

| Application &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | Description | License Model |
| --- | --- | --- |
|<img src="https://gohugo.io/favicon-16x16.png" width="20"/>&nbsp;&nbsp; [HUGO](https://gohugo.io/)|Hugo is one of the most popular open-source static site generators. With its amazing speed and flexibility, Hugo makes building websites fun again.|Open Source|
| <img src="https://eamodio.gallerycdn.vsassets.io/extensions/eamodio/gitlens/2023.12.2104/1703149661337/Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Icons.Default" width="20"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[GitLens](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=eamodio.gitlens) | Helps you better understand code. Extension for Visual Studio Code | Open Source |
| <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a0/W3Schools_logo.svg/2175px-W3Schools_logo.svg.png" width="20"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;[Flexbox](https://www.w3schools.com/css/css3_flexbox.asp) | Part of CSS that provides a easy way to layout icons within a container | free |
| <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a7/React-icon.svg/512px-React-icon.svg.png" width="20"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[react](https://reactjs.org) | A JavaScript library for building user interfaces  | Free and Open Source |
| <img src="https://www.typescriptlang.org/favicon-32x32.png" width="15"/>&nbsp;[TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org) | JavaScript with Syntax for types  | Open Source |
| <img src="https://material.angular.dev/assets/img/favicon.ico?v=19.1.0" width="15"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;[Angular](https://material.angular.io) | Material Design components for Angular  | Open Source |
| <img src="https://static1.smartbear.co/swagger/media/assets/swagger_fav.png" width="15"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;[Swagger](https://swagger.io) | Swagger UI is prject to visually render documentation for an API defined with the OpenAPI (Swagger) definition  | Open Source |
| <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/38656520?s=48&v=4" width="15"/>&nbsp;[Renovate](https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate)| Renovate is an automated dependency update tool. It helps to update dependencies in your code without needing to do it manually. | Open Source |
|<img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/bb/Gitea_Logo.svg" width="15"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;[Gitea](https://about.gitea.com/)| Gitea enables the creation and management of repositories based on Git. It also makes code review incredibly easy and convenient, enhancing code quality for users and businesses. | Open Source / Enterprise |

## Documentation

https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/

## Finanz Tools

| Application &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | Description | License Model |
| --- | --- | --- |
|[Portfolio Performance](https://www.portfolio-performance.info/)| Calculates Portfolio Performance|OpenSource|
|[tricount](https://www.tricount.com/)|Perfect for accounting for group activities such as outings, vacations, meals, or shared apartment expenses||
